hey guys and welcome back to let's play
gunstar heroes we're getting close to
the end here we're fighting black for
the final time and then after that all
that's left down there is green and then
and then grey himself so it appears as
though we're nearing the end of this
part can be kind of random whether you
actually get hit or not sometimes you
get a like those things that just points
straight down right on top of you and
you literally don't have any time to
react to it before you get hit but other
times it's pretty easy like it was there
that he likes to do this attack where he
shoots those things out and sort of the
circular pattern and you're supposed to
like jump up here and then jump over him
in order to avoid everything but
thankfully I killed them off before I
had to worry about that so now there's
only one guy left down there and that's
green so that's who we have to fight
next the fight with green can be really
fun I you can all you can do it really
cheaply with this weapon as with most
boss fights
he likes to block your attacks he seems
to kind of sometimes he'll either keep
the shield up like forever or sometimes
he'll only keep it up for a few seconds
it's kind of random but this is what I
meant about you can be cheap with this
fight you can do a sit here trap them in
a corner keep walking its attacks with
the fire chaser and then just keep
putting damaging on but that's boring so
why would I want to do that
is it's more fun to fight him
hand-to-hand it's because all the
jumping around and everything he's
actually not that good at it like he
seems like he would be really good but
he can only attack you like if you're
here you're pretty much and vulnerable
if you're like if you're hanging from
your pretty much invulnerable to
anything hand-to-hand he does he'll
still hit you with those stars but
that's about it
Oh got me on that one
this this isn't the like the safe way to
do it by a long shot it's probably the
smart way to do it but it's a lot more
fun than you know just trapping them
with the fire chaser and I really should
be conserving my health for the final
boss but haha that was awesome and then
everything slows down when he dies
that's pretty cool so now that we
finished off green we can go in this
door here and it looks like we get to
face off against gray and he's got those
for gems that he took from us
whoa they appear to have turned on him
so I guess we don't have to fight gray
after all the gyms have taken a mind of
their own and now they're going into
that room back there so we should you
know probably deal with that Oh get the
hell yeah I forgot about this they give
you like for upgrades you can pick from
you don't have an unlimited amount of
time but they give you pretty much
whatever you would mean so the final
boss I didn't get to see his name
because I skipped it too quickly but I
don't care it's this it looks like it'd
be this little like cybernetic dude here
but actually what you want to do oh man
that guy's really knowing what you want
to do is attack the gyms up here you
kind of have to be really wash phul
though because the the cybernetic dude
is the one that will deal the damage and
he's he's pretty annoying so you really
gotta hit while keeping fire on the gyms
you got to really watch out for him down
there okay and then it gets to this
point where that guy basically just sort
of stays up there and this is really
easy just keep fire on the gyms they
don't really do a whole lot to you I
mean none of them are really that
threatening so you know just kind of
shoot at whichever one is shooting at
you and it's health goes down pretty
quickly it's sort of anti climactic it
would have been a lot harder if they
would have kept the first form the whole
time but anyway now that we've done that
that's the final stage clear so we've
we've beaten the game here and all the
gems get destroyed one by one kind of
jump around they're not really much to
do so i'm pretty much all that's left is
to watch the ending sequence
seems we got our little spaceship back
and i think that's supposed to be like
some ancient destroy or something i
don't know it's some big ancient evil
that we all want to stop we have
awakened the terrible destructors okay
it's the destructor not the destroyer
sorry my bad my bad and I don't remember
this taking forever to proceed but I
guess it does and grey tried to stop the
power they awaken but they all pretty
much got home so see all their lifeless
bodies flying around what are we gonna
do with no weapons wait when did we lose
all our weapons
and there's green and that's seven force
I'm sorry that I've brought trouble upon
you all even though I was controlled by
the Empire I'm going to make amends for
the things I have done to all of you
yeah so basically that's green story he
was basically with us he was part of the
gunstar heroes team but got brainwashed
I guess by the Empire so he sacrificed
himself in order to stop the destructors
and now we got our pretty interesting
credits here I kind of like the music
and i like the little twirling star
background I don't really get like the
names though enemies producer 1993 Nami
it's kind of weird treasure logo
programmer I'm sure that was a very
important job
cool character creator han
yeah there were some pretty cool
characters in this game huh I groundout
I yuuichi 6 was that a robot or
something
music by in Hyun's oh that's not really
a whole lot to talk about here the
credits are pretty slow I don't think
there's that many of them though I mean
at least I hope not because they're
going really really slowly but yeah I
mean that's pretty much it for gunstar
heroes on what I am going to do though
is I'm going to take another episode
after this and play around with weapon
combinations and stuff you know because
I pretty much only used one throughout
the whole run and one of the main
features of gunstar heroes is the
ability to have whatever weapons you
choose at that point so you know it we
have it seemed kind of contradictory to
the game in uyen you know just to use
that one weapon combination and not even
show you any of the rest so there's
going to be another part after this
where i'm going to show you each of the
weapons produced by treasure 1993 I
think that's it the music stopped the
credits have stopped and SEGA we have
restarted so that's going to be it for
this part and the next part i'll show
you some more weapons and then well the
not going to really be a whole lot else
to do so until then see you next time